Start in the left rail, under I-T and Support.
p02
The Support group stacks your ticket tools together.
p03
Right below Support Tickets sits Help Desk, Zoho.
p04
One is WashCentral's own queue.
p05
The other is meant to mirror a help desk that lives outside the platform.
p06
Open Help Desk, Zoho.
p07
The frame loads fine.
p08
It is the data that is missing.
p09
Every count across the top shows a dash,
p10
the status and priority filters have nothing to filter,
p11
and the card in the middle says it plainly: Zoho Desk not connected.
p12
The page even hands you the next move, a button straight to its settings.
p13
Head to Settings, Integrations, Zoho Desk.
p14
This is the control room for the connection.
p15
Whether Zoho talks to WashCentral is read from this one page,
p16
so it's where support work on this integration starts.
p17
Look at the header.
p18
A warning badge reads Not Configured.
p19
That's the whole story in two words.
p20
The chips beside it name how the link would work once someone sets it up:
p21
oh-auth, a live view, a server-side token.
p22
Run across the four tiles.
p23
Connection, not set.
p24
Data center, US.
p25
Sync direction, both.
p26
So the tenant has picked how it wants to sync, but no one has authorized the link yet.
p27
Drop into the Credentials group.
p28
Client I-D, blank.
p29
Secret, not set.
p30
Access and refresh tokens, not set.
p31
With nothing stored here, there's no live line to Zoho,
p32
which is exactly why the Help Desk view had nothing to show.
p33
Keep reading down.
p34
Routing, sync, behavior, mapping.
p35
These rules decide where tickets land and which way they flow once the link goes live.
p36
Notice Enabled says Yes while the status still says Not Configured.
p37
Switched on in intent, not yet connected.
p38
Two tabs sit under the header.
p39
Settings, where you are, and Instructions.
p40
The full setup walk-through lives under Instructions, and in lesson twelve point nine.
p41
For today, stay on Settings and just read.
p42
Top right, two buttons.
p43
Test Connection, and Edit Configuration.
p44
Test Connection pings Zoho for real.
p45
Edit Configuration opens the credentials.
p46
Both touch the live integration,
p47
so neither one gets clicked in a read-only check,
p48
or in support unless the change is yours to make.
p49
So, Help Desk, Zoho.
p50
It's an embedded window into an outside help desk,
p51
empty here because the integration is Not Configured.
p52
When a real client's Zoho tickets go quiet, this is the page you open,
p53
and Token Expiry is the first field you read.
p54
You never have to click Test Connection to know where you stand.